c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AforgeÇokluCamera.exe.config
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AforgeÇokluCamera.exe
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AforgeÇokluCamera.pdb
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.DebuggerVisualizers (2010).dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.IPPrototyper.dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.Ximea.dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\obj\Debug\AforgeÇokluCamera.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\obj\Debug\AforgeÇokluCamera.Form1.resources
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\obj\Debug\AforgeÇokluCamera.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\obj\Debug\AforgeÇokluCamera.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\obj\Debug\AforgeÇokluCamera.exe
c:\users\everest\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AforgeÇokluCamera\AforgeÇokluCamera\obj\Debug\AforgeÇokluCamera.pdb
